So let's summarize this section
on security and compliance and I have to agree,
yes, this was a very, very long section
and I'm sorry about that.
You have to just remember a lot of things.
So the shared responsibility model on AWS,
we've seen it at length in this course
so that you know about it.
Shield is a way for you to get automatic DDoS protection
and then if you use Shield Advanced, you get 24/7 support.
You get WAF web application firewall, which is a firewall
to filter incoming requests, based on specific rules.
KMS to manage your encryption keys on AWS,
CloudHSM to have hardware encryption.
And this time, it's not AWS that manages the keys,
it is ourselves that manages the encryption keys.
AWS will only manage the hardware behind it.
ACM, so AWS Certificate Manager is a way for you
to provision, manage, and deploy SSL and TLS certificates
and to get in-flight encryption.
Artifact is going to give you access to complaints reports,
such as PCI, ISQ, et cetera, et cetera.
GuardDuty is a way for you
to find malicious behavior automatically
by analyzing VPC logs, DNS logs,
and CloudTrail logs and Inspector,
you'll find software vulnerabilities in EC2, ECR container
images and Lambda functions
and Network Firewall, which allows you
to protect your VPC against network attacks.
Next, we have Config, which is allowing us for compliance
to track configuration changes
and also create rules to check compliance of these
resources configuration over time.
Macie is a way for us to find sensitive data.
For example, PII data.
So personal information in Amazon S3 buckets.
CloudTrail is a way for us to track API calls,
made by users within the accounts.
Security Hub is a way for us
to gather all the security findings from
so many different services, from multiple AWS accounts
into one place and really act on these
security findings directly from there.
Detective is in case we have a security finding,
how do we get to the root cause very quickly,
and this is with Detective, which is going
to link up all these services together
and help you with that.
The Abuse team is a team that you report
to when you see abusive behavior by using AWS resources
for abusive or illegal purposes.
And you either have a form or you send them an email.
And then you have to remember,
I think the four most important things
that a root user can do in your accounts.
It can change the account settings,
it can close your AWS accounts, it can change
or cancel your support plan, or it can register as a seller
in the Reserved Instances marketplace.
We have IAM Access Analyzer, which is used
to identify which resources are going
to be shared externally, so outside of your zone of trust.
And finally, we have the Firewall Manager that is used
to manage the security rules across an organization,
that is for your security groups, but also for WAF
and Shield and so on.
Alright, so that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.